forty years ago under sheriff Charlie
Wade real County was as corrupt as they
came that's it way he could get ugly
then but he did showed up how about you
lay that shield on this table and vanish
they called him a legend he was a unique
individual they called him a champion of
justice may that man died they wrote the
name mo his son is about to find out the
truth oh me
I'm sheriff deeds sheriff deed is dead
honey you just said Junior we found a
body out by fort McKenzie yesterday you
got any idea who might have put him
there a hell of a time to bring up old
business that bad you didn't come out of
cereal box start diggin holes in this
county no telling what will come up you
two thought didn't you I'm gonna find
out one way or the other I just think
people in town I don't know the full
story on buddy deeds that makes two of
us Castle Rock Entertainment presents
the new film from a clean director John
Sayles let me carefully go pokin most of
your fine
Lonestar